hey everybody curly niki crow niki
community listen you need to just go
ahead on and give me the prizes and let
me tell you why all the traffic that i
have directed to your site i'm in the
grocery store i'm getting ambushed about
Bob once you done to your hair how do
you get your hand like that and I've
you're lying go to curly mica com girl
go to curly Nicki com that is my pad
answer any time anyone asks me for any
information about my hair your name
curly Nicki calm is always the resource
that I direct them to you are when you
another individual that I follow or the
eat of Hutton's of hair for me when you
speak I listen you talked about some of
the products that I've you know
discovered as a result of your site well
where do I begin first of all let me
just tell you about how I even found out
about you I had a traumatic experience
with heat as a result of going to my
dominican sisters to get a what I
thought was a blowout a light blowout so
that my inskip eat rim that was my
mindset at the time how about them
sisters fry my joint okay they
compromise the integrity of my fro in my
hair smell like smoke for week so from
that experience I begin you know I don't
know how I found your site but I just
begin looking and going behold I came
upon your site and from there I was
introduced to henna I was introduced to
this comb introduced to the denman brush
I was introduced to curls launch
products I was introduced to co washing
and pre-cooling and hello hydration and
herbal essences hello hydration
introduced to sulfate free shampoo I was
introduced to my trusty castor oil which
is the business for my type of hair I
was introduced to shea moisture and so
many other things so thank you so much
and also a petition I'm the one that won
the chrisette michele tickets in atlanta
as well so just trying to win some other
cool prizes I adore you I adore the
community um you are awesome and I thank
you you've helped my hair ha to become
healthy and it's just growing growing
growing by going so deuces